Flutter Architecture:

in flutter the main thing we have to work is widget tree.
we have to embrace platform differences.

one codebase is used in flutter.
it is in dart language.

WIDGETS
MY APP--MATERIAL APP--MY HOME PAGE--SCAFFOLD

the .idea -->
folder contains your code editor's project related settings
specific files.
no need to make any manual changes here.

Android-->
The android folder inside the flutter project contains android platform specific
settings,resources and code.
if we need to make any platform specific code,we will make changes in here.

IOS-->
The IOS folder inside the flutter project contains IOS platform specific
settings,resources and code.

lib-->
the main folder where we will write all the flutter app related codes.
initially it contains just one single file main.dart which has the entry point.

test-->
test folder is set to contain any testing relates codes that you write.
if we decide to write test cases then we write here.

gitignore-->
this is a git specific file.
you can adjust the .gitignore file to include/exclude any files/folders as your need.

.metadata-->
it contains the flutter project related metadata that flutter tool uses.
you should not make any manual changes to the file.
packages-->
A flutter project code is composed of numerous libraries and packages.
some packages are pre installes while others are downloaded during development.
you dont need to make any manual changes to the file.

pubspec.yaml-->
it contains flutter app specific metadata and configurations.
you can configure dependencies such as external packages,image assets,
font files etc.
we will often make changes to this file to add external dependencies.

pubspec.lock-->
it is a helper file created next to puspec.yaml file.
it lists the specific versions of each dependency that packages use in
your app and ensures the version stays consistent across
different developers machine.
no need to make any changes here.

readme.md-->
it is a markdown format file which is primarily used to describe your project
in git repo
we cna write project specfic things like what your project does or
how to use certain libraries in the file.






